[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
The stars will be worth
100 million berries each.
[TOYS]
100 million berries?!
[NARRATOR] Amidst the chaos,
he also put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[VIOLET]
Oh no.
Sugar has woken up!
[USOPP]
This is a mess!
Last time, Robin, she got
turned into a toy by Sugar,
and it was seriously messed up.
I didn't even realize I forgot
her until she was turned back.
If Sugar touches Luffy,
it's over.
For us, he'll be gone.
It's worse, even.
Like your friend
never even existed.
She can't do that.
It's not ideal, but here goes.
I'll make a long-distance shot.
You realize this
could get terribly ugly.
Even in death,
our bond will never break.
Mark my words.
No matter where I am.
No matter what I'm doing.
Even if I must
abandon my duties.
The moment that Luffy needs
my help, I'll be there.
[SABO yells]
Farul, watch out!
[FARUL neighs]
Farul! Stay with me!
This is awful!
It crushed his head!
Please, my friend, don't die!
[LUFFY] They keep
coming back, no matter what!
[GLADIUS]
Pop Baller!
[BARTOLOMEO groans]
I'm falling! Oh no!
My Yellow Cubs are down! [gasps]
Robin!
Rebecca! It's up to you now!
Take the key to Law!
I can take care of the rest!
Cien Fleurs! Wing!
[LUFFY]
Robin!
Luffy! Traffy! You're down here?
[GLADIUS]
She got away.
[GLADIUS] Well, she's just
one little brat.
Even if she makes it
to the palace,
she won't be able
to do anything.
Luffy. Traffy. Soldier.
Go on ahead to the Flower Field.
Get that key.
We can handle this.
Yep!
Rebecca's waiting. Just go!
[KYROS gasps]
All right.
[LUFFY READS ALOUD]
[LEO] Looks like we made it
to the fourth level!
Thank you. Nice work.
[LEO] Good job, Yellow Cubs--
We'll see you all next time!
You were amazing!
I hope Robin's all right.
Her friends, too.
No need to worry!
Usoland and his allies
are super tough!
They sure are. You're right.
[LEO]
I'm sorry to leave so suddenly,
but we need to rescue
Princess Mansherry right away.
[REBECCA]
Of course.
[LEO] Is it okay to
leave you here alone?
[REBECCA]
I'll be fine.
Lucy and the others
will be here soon, anyway.
Good luck out there.
Thanks! Stay strong till
we put an end to all this!
[KYROS] ♪ This toy soldier
is brave and true. ♪
♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪
[REBECCA]
Father must be out there
fighting right now. Somewhere.
[REBECCA gasps]
[DIAMANTE groans]
Didn't think you'd make it.
[chuckles]
[REBECCA gasps]
Rebecca!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
Mister Luffy.
Let me take this one.
--Rooster Head!
--Barrier!
Those balls he throws
are explosives.
They'd blow up before
you could bounce 'em back.
That was cool!
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO]
Aw, no, it was nuthin'!
You're too kind!
[GLADIUS groans]
What a nuisance. Go!
[LUFFY]
Now, Gum-Gum... Jet Whip!
[BARTOLOMEO] Sweet! I got
front row seats to a Jet Whip
straight to that thing's face!
What a day!
Stop wasting time!
We have been fighting
these stupid dolls forever!
Would you hurry
it up, Straw Hat?
Hey, punk! Trash talk Mister
Luffy again and I'll punt you!
Hey I gots an idea!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Barrier-bility: Stairs!
[gasps] Awesome!
Now that's handy!
I made it just for you,
Mister Luffy!
You're facing the wrong way.
Thanks, pal, you're the best!
[BARTOLOMEO]
"Thanks, pal, you're the best"?
[LUFFY]
You're the best.
Best. Best.
No, you're the best.
And thank you.
Thank you for being born!
[LUFFY]
C'mon!
It's a straight shot to the top!
You ready, Traffy?
[LAW]
Just go!
[gasps]
[MARINES gasp]
Are you okay?
It's no good! We can't
get through that fire.
[MARINE B]
We can't go around either.
The collapsed buildings
are blocking our way!
The Flame-Flame Fruit.
A dangerous bastard
got a dangerous power!
[SABO]
Fire Fist!
[yells]
Hold on. What're you
trying to do here?
Navy Admirals are
stronger than this--
Why are you
pulling your punches?
[FUJITORA]
Hm?
[SABO]
No more screwing around.
You're quite the odd one.
Weren't you trying to stall us?
Doesn't seem like you
should be complaining.
How long are you gonna
keep this act up, old man?
[FUJITORA chuckles]
"Old man," he says.
Well, that's not
my only disadvantage.
Frankly, I prefer
to take things easy.
I don't discriminate
among my enemies.
Scary kid. Though I don't
suppose you got your position
by being kind to the elderly.
Fair enough.
My position doesn't
require me to be kind, either.
Don't hold this one against me.
[FUJITORA]
Gravity Blade!
Raging Tiger!
[FUJITORA]
Gravity Blade!
Raging Tiger!
[SABO]
Horizontal gravity?
[SABO] I thought so!
You were holding back!
[SABO] The problem is,
I still don't know why.
[MARINES gasp]
[FUJITORA] You might say this is
an all-or-nothing gamble for me.
And the stakes are
as big as they get.
I'm laying my life on
the line for this one.
[FUJITORA]
That said,
I have to get my dice
in order to make my roll.
'Cause if I lose them, the game
is over before it even starts.
[DIAMANTE chuckles] All the
Top Executives of our family
are guarding this plateau.
Though that's mostly
a formality,
seeing as we didn't expect
anyone to actually
make it all the way here.
But I'm so glad that
you're the one who made it.
Know why?
[REBECCA gasps]
'Cause that means I get to
torment you even more.
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
[DIAMANTE grunts]
[REBECCA screams]
[chuckles]
[DIAMANTE laughing]
[KYROS]
Hya!
[LUFFY gasps]
[KYROS grunts]
[LUFFY]
Soldier!
I'm going ahead! [grunts]
Hey, wait a sec!
[grunts]
You okay?
[CAVENDISH] Spare your
concern, Straw Hat!
I won't die
in a place like this!
I still have a score to settle
with these monsters!
[CAVENDISH]
Until my dear Farul is avenged,
I refuse to take
another step forward!
[CAVENDISH]
Now, go!
[LUFFY grunting]
Luffy, watch out! Bombs!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Leave this to me!
Use a barrier, you fool!
[BARTOLOMEO yells]
Damn it, Bartolomeo!
[coughs]
What's the matter with you?
[BARTOLOMEO] I can only make
so much barrier at once.
And I'm at my limit.
I used every last inch
making those stairs.
[BARTOLOMEO coughs, pants]
[BARTOLOMEO]
But that's fine by me.
If it helps Mister Luffy,
even a little.
Then I'm happy to die,
right here and now!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Happy!
You're quite the piece
of work, aren't you?
Tough it out a bit
and I'll guard you
until you can use
your barriers again.
[sighs] You don't have
any manners, huh?
[ROBIN]
Cinco Mano! Time to Spank!
[CAVENDISH gasps]
[CAVENDISH]
Nico Robin!
[ROBIN] I know how you feel.
I'm with you, Rooster.
[ROBIN] Our captain
is something special.
[ROBIN] I'd risk anything
for him. Even my life.
Luffy's our trump card.
He's our key to victory.
Mil Fleurs! Gigantesco Mano!
[GLADIUS]
Huh?
You're not laying
a finger on my captain.
Now suck on that!
[LUFFY yelling]
[LUFFY]
I hope you're ready!
[LUFFY] 'Cause I'm
coming for you, Mingo!
[NARRATOR]
The Top Executive, Diamante,
hounds Rebecca relentlessly
as she flees for her life.
With Luffy still on his way,
she's forced to make
a desperate, final stand.
That is until the undefeated
gladiator Kyros appears
to settle a very old score.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Tearful Reunion!
Rebecca and Kyros!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!